CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

**Work in progress.** See #5

## Setting up

First, ensure you have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/). Then, clone the repository and install dependencies by running the following:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:jacecotton/tcds.git
cd tcds && npm install
```

Alternatively you can provide the path to your own fork of the project.

To watch for changes and build on every save, run:

```bash
npm run dev
```

To understand the structure of the project, check out [ARCHITECTURE](ARCHITECTURE.md).

## Best practices

We use [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) for basic formatting configuration, as well as [stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) and [eslint](https://eslint.org/) for linting CSS and JavaScript, respectively. This enforces the basic formatting rules of our [coding style guide](https://tcds.herokuapp.com/style-guide).

We recommend using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) as a code editor, with [respective plugins for editorconfig](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig), [stylelint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=stylelint.vscode-stylelint), and [eslint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint). This will automatically preconfigure your editor, fix issues on-save when possible, and display in-editor warnings and errors for manual fixes.

If you use a different editor, there are likely equivalent plugins. If you don't want to install any plugins, you can lint your code in the terminal by running:

```
npm run lint
```

You can allow the linters to automatically fix what issues it can by running:

```
npm run fix
```

This should be done before committing any changes back to the repository.

<details>
<summary>Details</summary>

You can lint and fix granularly by specifying `scss` for styles or `js` for scripts:
* `lint:scss`
* `lint:js`
* `fix:scss`
* `fix:js`
</details>

## Contributing back

* Branching, pull requests (add template?), etc.
* Semantic versioning, conventional commits, npm publish, etc.

Commit message:

docs(CONTRIBUTING): Add branch and rebase info

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

**Work in progress.** See #5

## Setting up

First, ensure you have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/). Then, clone the repository and install dependencies by running the following:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:jacecotton/tcds.git
cd tcds && npm install
```

Before making any changes, it's a good idea to create and switch to a new branch now by running the following:

```
git checkout -b my-new-branch
```

To watch for changes and build on every save, run:

```bash
npm run dev
```

To understand the structure of the project, check out [ARCHITECTURE](ARCHITECTURE.md).

## Best practices

We use [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) for basic formatting configuration, as well as [stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) and [eslint](https://eslint.org/) for linting CSS and JavaScript, respectively. This enforces the basic formatting rules of our [coding style guide](https://tcds.herokuapp.com/style-guide).

We recommend using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) as a code editor, with [respective plugins for editorconfig](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig), [stylelint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=stylelint.vscode-stylelint), and [eslint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint). This will automatically preconfigure your editor, fix issues on-save when possible, and display in-editor warnings and errors for manual fixes.

If you use a different editor, there are likely equivalent plugins. If you don't want to install any plugins, you can lint your code in the terminal by running:

```
npm run lint
```

You can allow the linters to automatically fix what issues it can by running:

```
npm run fix
```

This should be done before committing any changes back to the repository.

<details>
<summary>Details</summary>

You can lint and fix granularly by specifying `scss` for styles or `js` for scripts:
* `lint:scss`
* `lint:js`
* `fix:scss`
* `fix:js`
</details>

## Submitting your changes

Before submitting a pull request, make sure your branch is up to date with `main`. **Do not merge `main` into your branch.** Rather, rebase your local `main` with the remote. This is to ensure a cleaner history by always listing your local changes after those on `main`, regardless of the actual chronology.

```
git pull --rebase origin main
```

* Branching, pull requests (add template?), etc.
* Semantic versioning, conventional commits, npm publish, etc.
